h1. Lend2friend

This simple web application is for tracking monies lent and borrowed between friends

h2. More Information

It's hard to lend money to a friend; and, even harder to have to remind your friend to repay the loan.

* a wizard note builder will help generate a promissory note that is tailored to the users' preferences
* by keeping a promissory note in a mutually accessible location, both parties can easily refer to it at any time
* email and/or text reminders to the borrower will take the pressure off the lender to ask for payment

h2. Required Gems

This application requires this gem:

* "rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rails

h2. Dependencies

To use this application, you will need:

* The Ruby language (version 1.9.2 or 1.9.3)
* Rails (version 3.0.4 or newer)

h2. Installing the Application



h2. Getting Started


h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues


h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Jason R. Bush
jasonbushis@gmail.com

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012, Jason R. Bush

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

